Fix for Issue #4047 - retention and bucket creation (#5675)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2/reference/internals/data-retention.md

- [When does data actually get deleted?](#when-does-data-actually-get-deleted)

## Bucket retention period
A **bucket retention period** is the [duration](/influxdb/v2/reference/glossary/#duration)

> of time that a bucket retains data. Retention periods are set when [creating the buckets](/influxdb/v2/admin/buckets/create-bucket/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of time that a bucket retains data.
You can specify the retention period when you [create](/influxdb/v2/admin/buckets/create-bucket/) or [update](/influxdb/v2/admin/buckets/update-bucket/) a bucket.
```

> and can be infinite or as short as an hour. [Points](/influxdb/v2/reference/glossary/#point)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retention periods can be infinite or as short as an hour.
[Points](/influxdb/v2/reference/glossary/#point)
```
